MAIN STORY IDEA

1. every village needs to send 1 wanabe hero every year to academy for training
	there are doing some experiments/prophecy on them (but noone knows for sure why)
	using some strange artifacts (glowing green crystal)
2. unexpected consequences happens when player is in academy, small black demons walks
	out of walls and kills some people, nothing serious, after that they send heroes
	away
3. agents are watching heroes from there, player should know some of them
4. after some time weird towers grows everywhere, wether is werid around them, water/snow
	/blood/mist, at night monsters spawn around, people can see green lights at top of them
5. later at night everywhere is more dark, monsters spawn, crazies start roam roads
6. green eye
7. you need to get three fragments of something, all are in distant and seluded places
	a) jungle pyramid - there are only some natives far away that you can rent to haul resources,
		chop jungle
	b) desert pyramid - while entering there is sand storm and entrance collapse
	c) ice pyramid

X. Artfiact is alien technomagic computer that destroyed its creators, it was discovered
	 ~25 years ego, one of adventures was stabbed in eye by guardian with blade of same
	 material (that was cpu too), and died/go insane and was keeped in prison all this time.
Y. They take heroes and make them touch artifact using geas, then erase memories. First
	person that touched it gain wision that one person will become very powerfull and
	they want too control that person. So they build academy. Not all goes there but that
	one will go.
Z. places where towers where created was visited by choosen one, and maybe by player too
V. towers are gaining energy, artifact was laying and it wanted this to happen
0. Later there start to go blackout periods every hour when light vanish for a few
	seconds
-1. City major sends player to academy, gives them 100 gold for travel, there will be
	tutorial, player can skip training

-100: aliens send device to earth, it is powerful malovent ai that want to destroy
	everything
-90: it tries to infect internet and destroy something, it is send to one of bases
	on other planets
-80: people lost control on it and closed it in one pyramid, put guard in cryo sleep
-10: artifact is found, alarm is turned on and old people wake up, emergency message
	was sent to old planet for help
